what is up YouTube went to commercial
guys with a video this is going to be a
quick review video one you can guess it
this hair as you know I did a kind of
update for you guys on this hair on last
Thursday on Thanksgiving when I put it
in and I just wanted to kind of give it
a week or so just so i know how i like
it and to let you guys know how i like
it and if I think it's worth buying her
that so I get started um I've had it in
since last Thursday so that's been a
week in three days I really like it but
there are some things I don't like a by
the sauce so I would think that I really
do like um first I like the curl pattern
I like that you know it's pretty curly
naturally curly and it comes in two
different lengths it comes in 214 the 12
10 and 8 so I really like that I'd later
did um like I said in my other video I
like that but as far as the hair goes I
really like it i like the coat pattern
and how it's not too tight at first it
was kind of tight but then the curls
fall and they fall and they look like
this so it's really pretty it's kind of
like a loose spiral curl so it's really
pretty it's like that and that's one of
the things that I like um um in order to
wrap it up at night what I usually do is
I just section out of four parts like
our section in here going across and
then I'll twist it up and forth wit and
then I'll just kind of curl it and bobby
pin it up put my satin cap on and I'm
good for the night and in the morning
all i do is untwist it comb it out kind
of make it have more volume and bigger
and there you go so it's pretty it's an
easy look that you can do if you don't
really have time in the morning just you
know but you still wouldn't be cute this
is a good hair to get as far as the cons
I would say that it does get very
tangling unlike you can see right here
it's kind of tingly um it got you out
kind of have to force your way through
so that's not really good good thing but
when you get the tangles out they pretty
much stay out so it's not that bad no
the thing that I don't like is that it
sheds um I did have my coming here
electricity okay well I have my coming
here here's a little numb but like it
just shares I don't know you guys going
to be ever seen yeah you can see just a
little bit of shedding um but yeah so it
does which I mean you know all have
chefs but I think it sheds more than
most hair so i don't really like that
about it but like i said other than
that's pretty good hair for the price
you pay i only pay thirty dollars for it
so you know you get what you buy is not
going to be indian version you know hair
or anything like that but it's still
pretty good for the price you can keep
it in about two weeks just gotta comb it
out and keep it looking good when the
curls far they will fall my cuz I
starting to fall or what I'll do is when
they saw I'm if I still wanna keep it in
I'll just take my flat iron curling iron
just spiral curl it so you can do that
this is human hair so you can curl it
mine up some hair doesn't isn't human so
you can't really curler but this hair
you can so if I was to rate this I would
probably give it about out of 10 stars I
probably give it about six stars for
being good and for just having you know
the curl staying cuz i know some hair
the curl doesn't stay for too long so
that's a really good thing i would
recommend this hair not for like a long
time used but you know just one of our
style for a week or two this is good
here go ahead and get it so um this is
my review guys if you have any questions
let me know if you want to see any more
hair reviews just let me know i will
begin to some more hair next week so i
probably do another quickly probably
like a straight kind of quick weave so
let me go let me know if you guys want
to see that and don't forget to rate
comment and subscribe guys I'll see you
later bye